welcome to the news ey Israel has
Unleashed one of its worst attacks on
Gaza since the War Began it claims the
target was the head of hamas's military
Wing Instead at least 90 displaced
Palestinians were slaughtered after
fighter jets and drones armed with
missiles and bombs pounded their tents
in almasi an area Israel said was safe
hours after what's described as a
massacre Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says there is no
certainty that hamas's leader was killed
now the bodies of innocent Palestinians
are piling up many of them children
Netanyahu has vowed to continue the war
to achieve his goal no matter what the
cost even a mounting civilian toll so
let's H now from Israel's primee
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about that
assault in southern
Gaza the state of Israel through the
military and chabak has conducted today
an attack on Gaza in order to eliminate
Muhammad and his Deputy RAF salami until
now we are not 100% sure that they were
terminated however I promise you that in
any event we will reach every Hamas
commander and leader Muhammad ad is a
killer he's the man number two in Hamas
chain of command he is the man who
planned and led the October 7th Massacre
as well as other terrorist operations he
has the blood of many Israelis on his
hands
well thatu has also insisted that
military pressure is the only solution
to bring the captives home ham salute
has been following those developments in
Tel Aviv from the Jordanian Capital
Aman Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is speaking at length in a
press conference about the attack on the
alasi area just west of Kan yunes that
killed at least 90 Palestinians he said
that this was an attempted assassination
of hamas's military chief of the alasam
brigades
but the main point that Netanyahu was
trying to make here is that he cannot
say with 100% certainty if D was killed
in this attack however Netanyahu says
that just the attempt sends a message to
the world he also pointed out that until
all of the goals of the war are achieved
the fighting in Gaza will continue even
if there is a
ceasefire I will not step away a single
inch from The Proposal that was put
forward by President Biden we will not
any conditions however at the same time
we will not allow Hamas to move away
from The Proposal Hamas has requested 29
changes to the proposal however I told
them that I shall not allow even a
single change this proposal was blessed
by President Biden and I insisted on
four conditions that are already
mentioned in the proposal now the attack
on El maasi he said he approved after
getting information from Israeli
Security Services about if there were
any captives being held in that area
Israeli Security Services said no
secondly he wanted to know about the
types of Munitions that were used and
about the collateral damage that would
happen as a result Israel typically uses
this justification for the killing of
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip
specifically for these last nine months
saying that they are going to Target
Hamas officials or Hamas sites without
giving the evidence or the proof and
then we see the reality on the ground of
thousand hundreds and thousands of
Palestinians who've been killed as a
result of this Israeli policy now
Benjamin Netanyahu maintains that the
ceasefire negotiations had started up
again because of the increased military
pressure by the Army but again he says
that the war will continue until he
achieves what he calls an absolute
Victory ham salut Al jazer
am now the Israeli government has banned
Al jazer from operating in Israel and
that's why we're reporting from from
neighboring
Jordan now Hamas says Israel's claims
are false and baseless earlier I spoke
to the member of uh the group's
political Bureau Basim name he talked
about the current pace of ceasefire
negotiations we should not discuss is he
alive or dead because these are the
Israel claims and allegations uh himself
he is not sure if he achieved the target
of their attacks uh but I can say that
based on what Dr KH Haya he is the head
of our negotiations team in his
interview with Al jaaz Arabic he
confirmed that Mr Muhammad our brother
our leader Muhammad is now hearing and
witnessing
Netanyahu uh press conf
and laughing about these uh claims and
uh uh allegations okay so after the al-
masasi attack then sir where does this
leave the ceasefire negotiations as far
as Hamas are concerned I think it is now
known for everyone uh Hamas the
mediators uh a most of the politicians
especially in the Western countries the
leaders know that Netanyahu is planning
every day how to sabotage the Anan to
reach a cir uh exactly if we can
remember that on May May 6 when we have
uh conveyed our message uh of acceptance
to the uh prop you brokered uh proposal
by the mediators on the same day he
stormed RAF and attacked ra and cuite
RAF cring the same attitude he has uh
adopted every time when we near to reach
a seare either he is creating new ideas
new proposals new uh thoughts new or he
is committing a crime inside G that that
certainly the Israeli Prime Minister's
position so I'm just asking you
regardless of what's happened to al-
masasi are you still willing to be part
of the conversation are you still
willing to talk about a ceasefire are
you still actively engaged in those
talks talks first of all now there are
no active talks we are waiting for the
Israeli response this is what we have
received from the mediators that they
have discussed with the Israeli
delegations in Doha uh our remarks and
our ideas about the latest uh proposal
which is Biden's proposal that we have
accepted this proposal but we have some
remarks and now we are waiting for the
Israeli
response well let's bring it Al jaaz
senior political analyst M Bashar joins
us now via Skype from Paris hi marn I
mean what was your impression of the
Netanyahu press conference because one
commentator we've spoken to uh on Al
jazer in the last few hours said it was
just really aimed for the domestic
audience well I'm not sure about that
it's much more than that it was I
directed a domestic audience he's trying
to project an image of Charisma and
confidence but it was also uh directed
at uh the United States the Arab world
and in fact the world in general that
Israel has an obstinate
arrogant uh and rather inhumane leader a
kind of a modernday
musini what we have today is a fascist
leader in Israel who could kill some
hundred people including many children
and uh not even uh blink once the
capacity of this man to be so
delusional as to think that he is uh
basically winning or serving Israel's
interest by killing more children by
creating all kind of obstacles to a
ceasefire including piling up the road
to a ceasefire with the bodies of
Palestinian children that kind of a
leader that kind of a delusional leader
that remains to be unpopular in his own
country with over 75% of Israelis
rejecting his mandate this man is
proving more and more to be inhumane
delusional and ultimately foolish but it
also comes with arrogance and the kind
of arrogance where you know he feels at
ease lying to his teeth with every
statement he says we need to know in the
end of the day and that's the American
needs to provide the
answer do the Americans also agree with
Netanyahu that there should be no end to
the war is that what the American
proposal is that no end into the war
that is that Israel can continue to kill
children each and every day that in fact
Netanyahu is sticking to every aspect of
Biden's initiative with all these
killings in Gaza is that what's going on
aren't the Israelis creating new
obstacles so again that how the
obstinate that delusional continues to
lie to his St it was very telling Maran
that he made it very clear that he
didn't share information on this
particular attack on al- maasi with the
US for fear of leaks and Hamas hiding as
he said it back in the tunnels what does
this really tell us about the trust
deficit between Tel Aviv and Washington
DC there's no doubt that Nat is trying
to run the clock on Biden and there's no
doubt that Netanyahu is not listening to
what the Americans are saying and the
Americans are not putting any pressure
on the N government already uh President
Biden lacks the political Capital
necessary to put pressure on Netanyahu
and as we know and as we've heard from
netan himself he's preparing himself in
a number of days on the 24th of July to
address both houses of Congress I think
if I'm not mistaken to for the fourth
time that we make him the first leader
ever to address both houses of Congress
so a leader that is basically accused of
war crimes a war criminal in fact uh who
the IC is trying to you know uh get him
uh for his war crimes is received in
Washington with open arms so you could
say or he could say that you know he
needed to do this uh secretly within
Israel but in the end of the day there
is some tension arising to the surface
between Israel and the United States we
understand that the Biden Administration
despite its uh unconditional support to
for genocide over for some seven months
or more it is now uh you know uh more
tuned to winding down the war as it were
but not Nan Nan has a personal ambition
has ideological ambition political
ambition to continue with the war and as
I said he's just going to continue to
pile up the road to a ceasefire with the
bodies of Palestinian children I mean we
need to think about that so just for a
moment here while we're talking about
all the complex political issues about
siire the man just killed 100 people
today I mean shouldn't that matter to
the rest of the world he claims to have
done it in order to Target this one man
but this is certainly a war crime
there's absolutely no doubt about that
well there isn't any doubt perhaps in
the mind of the Egyptians they are
mediators and all of this uh Maran and
you know there are news wires dropping
as though they have been after that
attack on alasi saying that the
Egyptians are putting the talks on hold
the mediation on hold because and we
quote Israel isn't
serious it's more than yes it's
absolutely true it's not serious but
it's more dangerous more Reckless than
that because you have a a fascist
government head by a fascist musolini
and the new Israeli DOI right or B as it
were this Netanyahu fascist character
right that is ready to kill not just
tens of thousands but judges from his
sentiment about continuing an endless
war he wants to kill hundreds of
thousand people he wants to ethnically
Clans Gaza this is certainly not to the
liking of the Egyptians who are trying
to work out some kind of a settlement on
their border with Gaza with Palestine
the Egyptians who have had 45 years of a
peace agreement with Israel understand
very well and they are the moderate
right in all of that Friends of the
Americans friend of Israel and so on so
forth and they're really getting crazy
with netanyahu's recklessness and and
Butchery in Gaza and that's what it is
it's a one Massacre after another it's a
total Butchery that cannot be to the to
the liking of any Arab leader and it's
really shameful Shameless for the Arab
leaders for the Palestinian leaders to
be silent while hundreds of people are
getting killed every day while children
pile up the road to the so-called
ceasefire we'll leave it there for the
moment Maran uh M Bashar there our
senior political analyst thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer